Gao Sheng, what do you mean?
Song Da Xiao Huang, this long dog, is not qualified to serve at the table
Gao Shao asked him to sit with the dog
It's already giving him face
Hey, what about you?
Why don't you move the stool and sit down?
Just don't be shameless
You said you worked in an electronics factory alone.
Then it's better to be a dog for Gao Shao, haha.
Noble if you mean to humiliate the Son of Heaven
Then I won't participate in this class reunion
Son of Heaven, let's go
Who let you go?
Gao Sheng, what do you mean?
What do I mean?
Song Xiaoya, I have been chasing you for so many years
You never promised me
You actually turned around and talked to an electronics factory
Waste together
Why am I worse than him?
Xiaoya
Why don't you break up with him?
You are with me
I will surely let you enjoy all kinds of glory and wealth
Don't be hard, I'll touch him everywhere
Who are you, brat?
You can talk to me like that
This card has 1 million
Take the money and leave for whom?
Otherwise, I will never make you feel better.